# GmnBox | obliviousgmn.deviantart.com
# Clean & Simple Openbox Theme 
# Modified to go with the theme by  Misaka !MiKoto.HE2 
# Palette..
# BG:    #ffeff4
# Bar:   #ffeff4
# Text:  #7c7c7c

# Menu 
menu.items.active.bg: flat solid
menu.items.active.bg.color: #ffeff4
menu.items.active.text.color: #ff8fb4
menu.items.bg: flat solid
menu.items.bg.color: #ffeff4
menu.items.disabled.text.color: #7c7c7c
menu.items.text.color: #7c7c7c
menu.overlap.x: -4
menu.separator.color: #ffeff4
menu.title.bg: flat solid
menu.title.*.color: #7c7c7c
menu.border.color: #ffeff4
*.title.text.justify: left

# OSD
osd.bg: Solid Flat
osd.bg.color: #ffeff4
osd.hilight.bg: flat solid
osd.hilight.bg.color: #ffeff4
osd.label.bg: parentrelative
osd.label.text.color: #7c7c7c
osd.unhilight.bg: flat solid
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #ffedf3

# Padding
padding.height: 1
padding.width: 24

#Window
border.width: 1
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.active.title.bg: flat
window.*.title.bg: flat
window.*.title.bg.color: #ffedf3
window.*.title.separator.color: #ffeff4

#Tweaks
window.*.label.bg: parentrelative
window.*.button.*.bg: parentrelative
window.*.label.text.color: #ffeff4
window.*.button.*.image.color: #ffeff4


